**DISCLAIMER: I am not a lawyer. Nothing written here shall constitute as legal advice. Although I do my best to ensure
the provided information is accurate and useful, I recommend you consult a lawyer if you want legal advice.**

**No attorney-client or confidential relationship exists or will be formed should you contact me.**

---

If you are an artist dealing with art theft or fraudulent DMCA takedown notices, you do not need to go through this
process alone.

# When your art is being stolen

### If you need help

Pursuant to [17 U.S.C. ยง 512(c)(3)(A)(i)](https://www.law.cornell.edu/uscode/text/17/512), I provide a free service for
all artists where I can act on your behalf as an authorized representative. Representation does not require I be nor
does it mean that I am your lawyer. I am merely a third-party representative.

This will require a signed authorization form with your real first and last name.

By authorizing me to act on your behalf, I will deal with Twitter for you. You won't have to do anything.

Allowing me to file on your behalf also serves to protect your privacy. When submitting a DMCA takedown notice on your
own, you are required to give both the offending party and potentially the entire world access to your name, your
e-mail, your phone number and your physical address.

When I submit a takedown on your behalf, only your name is displayed on the takedown notice. The address, phone number
and e-mail will be my registered P.O. box dedicated entirely to handling sensitive matters such as this.

#### Here's what happens

I will first verify your identity as the real authorized artist. This verification will be done on whichever platform
your works are distributed on (be it Pixiv, Twitter, Patreon or so on)

Once that is out of the way, I will send you any necessary documents to sign (via electronic signature) that authorizes
me to act on your behalf.

I will then contact Twitter and demand the removal of your stolen works within a timely manner. This will be done via
e-mail and a faxed takedown notice to Twitter's designated copyright agent.

### If you want to do it on your own

#### Important

Filing a DMCA notice on your own is not as hard as you might think. The major downside to doing this is you are required
to expose your name, address, and other personal information.

Additionally, this information may become publicly available via the Lumen database,

https://lumendatabase.org/twitter

I personally strongly recommended you use a P.O. box, non-personal e-mail address and a VOIP number (such as Google
Voice) when submitting on your own behalf.

#### How to file a DMCA takedown on Twitter

To submit a DMCA takedown notice on Twitter, all you need to do is fill out the following form:

https://help.twitter.com/en/forms/ipi/dmca

Please be careful and make sure that you provide accurate information when doing so.

# When you're the victim of a fraudulent DMCA

### If you need help

While DMCA laws are a necessity when it comes to protecting your rights as an artist, it has unfortunately become ripe
with abuse over recent years. This is especially true on Twitter, where artists are currently having their accounts held
hostage by nefarious actors.

Having your account shut down because some random person falsely claimed ownership of your art can make you feel
powerless, and Twitter's support department shows no care or empathy towards accounts which are targeted in this manner.

The only way to recover your account is to fight these fraudulent takedown notices.

Unfortunately, doing so requires giving over your name, address, and other personal information to the same nefarious
actor that is trying to abuse or extort you.

In addition, these DMCA's are almost always filed using falsified information.

Twitter support will not listen to appeals on these bans. They will not provide any help or advice on this matter. The
only option is to file a legal counter-notice against all these claims.

So in the end, Twitter forces you to either risk doxxing yourself to some nefarious stranger, or accepting the ban and
moving on.

This is not fair to you in the slightest. This is still something we can help with, but the process is a
bit more involved and takes more time.

### Here's what happens

Unfortunately, this process is not as straightforward as submitting takedown notices.

Unlike the above, counter-claims cannot be filed by an authorized third-party. They must be filed by the legal copyright
holder.

This means that in order for me to act on your behalf, you will need to temporarily assign copyright ownership of the
claimed works to me.

I realize this is a lot to ask, and it requires some considerable trust and faith, but it is unfortunately the only way
I am able to represent you in these matters.

However, if you are wiling to proceed, it means that when I file a counterclaim, I will be doing so entirely with my own
information. None of your personal information will be exposed.

This process generally takes up to a couple of weeks. However, once the counterclaims are processed, Twitter is legally
required (pursuant to [17 U.S.C. ยง 512(g)(2)&(3)](https://www.law.cornell.edu/uscode/text/17/512)) to reinstate and
restore access to your content within 14 days.
